## Usage/Examples

### Running the Code via Command-Line Arguments
You can modify the parameters directly in the shell script (`yofication/yofication_args.sh`) and then run it:
~~~sh
sh yofication/yofication_args.sh
~~~

### Running the Code via Config File
Example:
~~~sh
yofication/yofication_yaml.sh config_path
~~~

## Explanation of Parameters

- `--config_path`: Path to the YAML configuration file.
- `--podcasts_path`: Root directory containing text files (generated from transcription and punctuation restoration) for further processing.
- `--num_workers`: Number of parallel processes for restoring the letter "ё" (yofication).

## Output Structure

For each text file ending with `_accent.txt` found within the specified `podcasts_path`, a corresponding file with `_e.txt` will be created in the same directory. For example:

~~~
podcasts/
└── {album_id}/
    └── {episode_id}/
        ├── {start_time}_{end_time}_{album_id}_{episode_id}.mp3
        ├── {start_time}_{end_time}_{album_id}_{episode_id}_accent.txt.txt
        ├── {start_time}_{end_time}_{album_id}_{episode_id}_e.txt
        ├── {start_time}_{end_time}_{album_id}_{episode_id}_giga.txt
        ├── {start_time}_{end_time}_{album_id}_{episode_id}_whisper.txt
        └── {start_time}_{end_time}_{album_id}_{episode_id}_punct.txt
~~~

### File Descriptions

- `xxx_yyy_id.mp3`: The original audio file.
- `xxx_yyy_id.txt`: A text file containing the transcription generated by the ASR model.
- `xxx_yyy_id_punct.txt`: A text file containing the transcription after punctuation restoration using the RUPunct model.
- `xxx_yyy_id_whisper.txt`:A text file containing the transcription generated by the Whisper model.
- `xxx_yyy_id_accent.txt`: A text file containing the transcription after accent restoration.
- `xxx_yyy_id_e.txt`: The final text file where the letter "ё" has been restored (all other non-Cyrillic characters are removed, and the text is lowercased).

### File Naming Convention

- `xxx`: Playlist ID.
- `yyy`: Podcast ID.
- `id`: Segment number (if the audio is split into parts).

## Important Notice

Scripts for punctuation restoration and yofication must be executed sequentially!


